In this lecture, we'll understand why.
Lang chain.
Well, lang chain can help us do quite a lot of different operations.
The main purpose of Lang Chain is it standardizes the component interfaces.
As you know, there are growing number of models coming up every single day, like OpenAI's GPT model
and cloud anthropic model, and Google's Gemini model and Microsoft's Pi model.
And then there is suddenly Chinese deep sea model, and there is also Qnn model.
And there are even more models coming up lately.
This year, while there is going to be a new model from Russia and other countries are going to come
up pretty soon.
So you see that all these models are going to be keep on growing every single time.
And the related components of the AI application has resulted in a wide variety of different APIs that
the developer need to learn and use every single time.
And this diversity can make it challenging for developers to switch between providers or combine components
when building applications, and Lang Chain exposes a standard interface for key components, making
it so easy to switch between these providers.
So basically, this long chain is agnostic to any of the model.
And it supports all these model by providing an interface for all of these models.
And there is also this observability and evaluation pattern available in the long chain by default.
So as an application becomes more and more complex, it becomes increasingly difficult to understand
what is really happening within these applications and how these applications are going to be querying
with these large language models.
And now with the power of this language, Smith.
The observability and the evaluation is just embedded inside the chain itself.
And as it said, let's talk about the standardization of the component and interfaces even more.
But as you see, long chain provides a consistent interface for working with with chat models from different
providers like Anthropic Cloud, OpenAI, Alarma, Microsoft Azure, Google Vertex, and more, and
using either long chains, message format or Openeye format, you can make a consistent messaging of
the data from your application.
And also there is a standard tool calling API.
So basically the standard interface for binding tools to model access tool called request made by these
model is going to be very, very easy.
And also Lang Chain has got standard APIs for structured output, which can be helpful for you to get
a structured response from the large language models, something like a JSON response or text response
or a string response that you're looking for.
And also Lang chain provides support for async programming, efficient batching, and a rich streaming
API, so you can stream the response from the large language model much, much easily just by using
the stream method which is available.
It is so easy and I will show you how these things work, and I'm quite excited to show you how these
things work, really.
And finally, integration with Lang Smith for monitoring and debugging production grade application
based on the large language model is also amazing, and this is something I keep on telling from last
lecture.
You will be seeing how amazing they are and as I said, the entire standard model integration is going
to look something like this.
And you can see that the long chain has got the integration with the long chain or lemma, or long chain
OpenAI or long chain anthropic.
And any model that is going to come up, they are going to be supported.
Guys, this is so cool.
So that is the power of the long chain itself.
They are going to keep on building all these integration embedded inside their platform.
That way it supports all these different models.
Even the deep sea, which just came like couple of weeks before, is going to be supported or even supported
already with the long chain.
So you can just use that particular integration within your large language model based applications
and finally interfaces.
You see that long chain has got this standard interfaces as well.
All you have to do in order to invoke a large language model, It's just called the method called as
Invoke method.
And if you want to stream the data from the large language model, you just have to call the stream
method.
It can be of any large language models.
All these models are going to just comply with the long chain interfaces, which is going to make things
more cleaner.
And also there is a batch support and even more different supports available with this interfaces.
That's amazing.
And that is the reason why we need to go with the long chain while working with the large language model
based application and beyond.
That long chain also has support for standard input outputs, tool calling, standard output, formatting,
observability, catching, and more.
So you see that this thing is just keep on going to expand while the platform develops and while the
library develops.
All these standardization is going to happen for your large language model based application.
That's the power of the long chain.
And this and that is the reason why we should be going with the long chain while building large language
model based applications.